[2.0.2] *: update `operate-schema` (#606)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/manage-schema.md

```

```
`get`/`set`/`remove` the schema for an upstream table.

Usage:
  dmctl operate-schema <operate-type> <-s source ...> <task-name | task-file> <-d database> <-t table> [schema-file] [--flush] [--sync] [flags]

Flags:
  -d, --database string   database name of the table
      --flush             flush the table info and checkpoint immediately
  -h, --help              help for operate-schema
      --sync              sync the table info to master to resolve shard ddl lock, only for optimistic mode now
  -t, --table string      table name

Global Flags:
  -s, --source strings   MySQL Source ID.
```

> **Note:**
>
> Because a table schema might change during data migration, to obtain a predictable table schema, currently the `operate-schema` command can be used only when the data migration task is in the `Paused` state.

> > It is strongly recommended to get and backup the table schema firstly before setting it, to avoid data loss due to mishandling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To avoid data loss due to mishandling, it is **strongly recommended** to get and backup the table schema firstly before you set the schema.
```

> > Because a table schema might change during data migration, to obtain a predictable table schema, currently the `operate-schema` command can be used only when the data migration task is in the `Paused` state.
> > To avoid data loss due to mishandling, it is **strongly recommended** to get and backup the table schema firstly before you set the schema.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> - Because a table schema might change during data migration, to obtain a predictable table schema, currently the `operate-schema` command can be used only when the data migration task is in the `Paused` state.
> - To avoid data loss due to mishandling, it is **strongly recommended** to get and backup the table schema firstly before you modify the schema.
```

* `schema-file`:
    - Required when the operation type is `set`. Optional for other operation types.
    - The table schema file to be set. The file content should be a valid `CREATE TABLE` statement.
* `--flush`:

>     - Optional
>     - Write the schema to checkpoint, so that DM could load it after restarting the task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Optional.
    - Writes the schema to the checkpoint so that DM can load it after restarting the task.
```

* `--sync`:

>     - Optional
>     - Only used when an error occured in optimistic sharding DDL mode. Update the optimistic sharding metadata with this schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Optional. Only used when an error occurs in the optimistic sharding DDL mode.
    - Updates the optimistic sharding metadata with this schema.
```
